Add TCK challenge template (#604)
jakartaee/cdi-tck: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/tck_template.md

---
name: TCK Challenge
about: Create a TCK Challenge
title: ''
labels: 'challenge'
assignees: ''
---
**Challenged tests**
List the challenged tests with the fully qualified classnames and then the test methods, e.g.

> ee.jakarta.tck.faces.test.javaee7.multiFieldValidation.Spec1IT#testFailingPreconditionsNotAfterAllInputComponents

Reviewer: I'd pick a test, or at least a package, that exists in this TCK repo.

**TCK Version**

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Faces 4.0.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. CDI TCK 4.0.x
```
